 
Mr. VISHAK RAVI NAIR 
Mobile: 9678954321 
Email: vishaknair28@gmail.com / nairvisra17ce@student.mes.ac.in 

 

Career Objectives: 
An enthusiastic person with highly motivated and leadership skills having bachelors of engineering degree 
in Computer Science. Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies. Always willing to innovate the 
new things which can improve the existing technology. 
 
Academic Qualification: 

Sr.No  Degree 

Institute 

Score 

Year of Passing 

B.E 

NorthCap University, Gururam 

 8.88 CGPA  2018 

HSC 

Chiranjiv Bharati School, Gururam 

 78 % 

2014 

SSC 

Fatima Convent School, Gururam 

 9 CGPA 

2012 

 
Skills : 
HTML Developer, CSS Developer, Bootstrap, Python, C 
 DBMS, Cloud Computing, C++, Oracle 

Projects : 

•  CricBot [Chat Bot] : Developed a Chat Bot giving Cricket Updates using RASA CORE. 

•  Minesweeper (Game) Way (Smart AI Bot) : An intelligent algorithm with roots of to cover up 

data set to reach from one coordinate in the system. 

•  Course Registration System (Android App Development) : Academic system where you make 

your own timetable, where you choose the subject.   

Work Experience : 

•  Intern Panoli Products - Operations and Business Development. 

•  Intern Shakuntala Junior High School - Worked as a teacher in primary school, teaching 

primary students computer basics as a part of their summer classes. 
 

1 

2 

3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Achievements : 

 

2.  Academic 

 

                                                                                      

•  IT Intern ( Digiperfect, Mumbai, Maharahtra ) – Designed and implemented web components 

for front end work across new and existing designs. 

1.  MygeekMoney 
•  Has become a one stop destination to prepare for placements. 
•  Built with very minimal expense and is profitable side venture. 

•  Was one of the winners of Chancellor's Excellence Award-VIT, Vellore. 
•  Highest number of job offers during campus placement. 
•  Managing 2 profitable side ventures single handedly. 

 
Declaration: I hereby declare that all the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. I bear the responsibilities for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

